# chatGPTQuestions

The main goal of this project is to create a database of `Question`s using some generative AI tools, starting with ChatGPT.


## Description

This is a small script to query Generative AI to create a bunch of questions on the six categories.

On the first implementation we used ChatGPT to create the questions.

A `Question` is an object with the questions, with several posible answers and information about the right answer.

A `Question` has the following fields:
 * `question`: the question to be asked in the trivial.
 * `answers`: a list of possible answer (so far 4 answers but it is not bound to it).
 * `rightAnswer`: it is the index of the right answer taking into account the array starts at 0.

An example in json format would be:

```json
{
  "question": "¿Cuál es la capital de España?",
  "answers": [
    "Barcelona",
    "Madrid",
    "Valencia",
    "Sevilla"
  ],
  "rightAnswer": 1
}
```

Currently there are the following Generative AI scripts implemented to retrieve questions:
 * [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/)
 * [MistralAI](https://mistral.ai/)


## Getting Started

For each Generative AI there is a Main class in place to run the script to get the questions.
After the running the script a json file will be generated in the project folder with the data generated by the Geneartive AI tool.

 * Main for ChatGPT: [ChatGptMain](src/main/java/ies/portadaalta/chatgpt/ChatGptMain.java)
 * Main for MistralAI: [MistralAiMain](src/main/java/ies/portadaalta/mistralai/MistralAiMain.java)

### Dependencies

* No dependencies so far.

### Testings

* Some JUnit tests are in place.
```
$ mvn test
```

## Authors

Contributors names and contact info

* [Profesor Diego Rosado](https://github.com/ProfesorDiegoRosado)


## Version History

* 0.1
    * Not released yet

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](../LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

Inspiration, code snippets, etc.
